Child, why did you suddenly bring up this topic?
I was busy with work before
After all this, I just realized
You are the most important person to me
When this is all over
We take our kids around the world.
Okay?
Wife
President with information
Go to your order that night
To contain the native
The photo must have fallen here.
Why can't I find it?
Are you looking for this?
Unexpectedly, he ran into the range of Bicha Villa
That's the territory of the old lady Yin
We dare not go in rashly
I can only let him run away
It turned out that he was the one who kidnapped me that night
Why would he go to grandma's place?
The most ruthless person in my life is your Nangong family
I remember.
Yuan Sheng said
He secretly hated everything about the Nangong family
You think about it.
Has your family offended anyone?
Ah!
When I was a kid
My dad brought back an illegitimate child
Kicked out by my mom
That man, he seemed to say that I took everything from him
To get revenge
Now it looks like he had a big motive
Maybe this person is native
But the illegitimate child said he died in a car accident.